gh-127221: Add colour to unittest output (#127223)
python/cpython: Doc/library/unittest.rst

   a textual interface, or return a special value to indicate the results of
   executing the tests.

> Output is in color by default and can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output is colorized by default on Python 3.14 and newer. This can be
```

Author: Or perhaps?
```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 3.14
   Output is colorized by default and can be
   :ref:`controlled using environment variables <using-on-controlling-color>`.
```

Reviewer: Nice, that LGTM!

Author: And if so, move it under the `versionchanged` at "Command-Line Interface"?

https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html#command-line-interface

Reviewer: That also makes sense, yes!
